CRAYSAT-1835:increasing default grace period for hsm discovery (#204)
Cray-HPE/sat: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.27.13] - 2024-03-25

### Updated

> - updated the default grace perid to 3 minutes  to allow more time for a new 
>   job to be scheduled by the cronjob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the default grace period of the `HMSDiscoveryScheduledWaiter` to 3
  minutes to allow more time for a new job to be scheduled by the cronjob.
```
